yo guys what's up it's been a been a
long fucking time since i made a video
I've been really fucking busy sorry but
but I'll try to I'll try to make it up
to you guys by making a couple videos in
future so i got a request to make a
video featuring a game by Nez mcdean off
by diamond geezer dude and thank you
very much sir because it would do a
couple of his games they're all fucking
incredible so I chose one that was
played in 1958 where he was black
against Pollock is key and this game
really shocked me how how amazing it was
so let's let's go right to it so they
start off with a pretty normal opening
the old Indian then just regular
development type stuff nothing too crazy
yeah the game starts off a little bit so
this is the smooth shocks me but another
theory anyway don't know if that's
normal or abnormal so here Queen they're
surprises me a bit too but apparently
it's perfectly fun like it's objectively
a good move so here um and white now
makes a mistake a small mistake not not
a very serious one castles it was been
better to just move the bishop back
counseling is weak because you're moving
right into flax attack right into the
area where blacks peace most powerful so
you got a unity it's a problem so black
starts pushing you know pushing closer
and closer and closer to cornering the
white at King my bag push just slamming
right in there shoving those prawns
right white sands so g3 yeah just as a
note back here if way to play this you
would get some serious problems cuz push
and threatening checkmate right here
that's
game over villain and here and wait
black should have a meeting attack wife
is a huge trouble here so go back g3
fuck fuck fuck and then push somehow now
black plays a clever move linksys Bishop
out and the idea is if white plays the
sort of obvious but fucking stupid movie
takes here who takes now black comes in
there and whites but raped so leave a
bag Bishop here flip there defending
this threat down here which is sort of a
looming on what blacks consciousness the
entire game so well one possibility here
is stupid Bishop takes there there here
we give the exact same problem so what
we do well wait isn't some trouble here
his king is gonna be attacked and he's
got to get out of that area if he stays
there for too long he's gonna get he's
gonna get fucked he's going to get a
mother fuckin night sitting on right
motherfuckin f3 that's not a nice square
for a motherfuckin night if your mother
fucker play so white starts running
don't run let's get the hell out of it
so place here here plays a kind of funky
looking the roofing that out there now
white plays here and now black plays an
incredible move it it shocks me how good
this move is i I'm really surprised that
this bloob just completely ass rapes
weds position but it does place look
there now what has two options in the
game he plays a rook takes h2 and takes
a queen but he could have taken the rook
and the win is much simpler it takes
let's go over it anyway so C takes
throat at the pond and take this it
takes takes that and the only way the
only way the White has is Queen take C 2
so that basically just loses the game
sax is clean and is lost so so yeah
that's why back here he is typically now
this position at the moment it isn't
really that clear how blacks can
complete the checkmate because there are
no forcing variations that just finish
it off like in most situations where you
sacrifice a clean so it's actually quite
a daring move to the sacrifice a queen
for more long-term theoretical ideas
rather than some just fucking yeah we're
just going to keep on fucking moving and
moving and fucking and fucking and
fucking and then we'll get to the Czech
mate but here you can't just do that you
can just see some direct fucking long
you're just get your that there's some
bullshit in between and you have the
estimate that bullshit using your
bullshit detector and obviously blacks
bullshit detectors to the roof in this
game so we play there Matt Matt and now
black has a huge fucking a threat he's
got a threat that's just going to a spa
quite if white isn't careful so let's
say white displays a regular lookin tho
we can devote to school save it on
screen all right now now black plays
sudden fuck it up looking for some of
our fucking pawn out what the hell is
that negative whoo Nancy night boo let's
check mate right there double check
check you chef did all these squares are
covered white is just fucked so white
needs to be very careful to defend
against FIFA so that's why that's a
white plate I play this opponent good
but not good enough unfortunately c5
takes things now blacks let me check
Meghan you starting to push this pond
motherfucking checkmate white screwed so
the only the only way to defend against
that is to play Bishop there so now if
you push it that pond and white would
hide is king in this little butt crack
right there so move that and King there
and now there's a fourth checkmate push
tix takes there there go over there and
what's freaking out right now because
King is stuck in the center he's going
to cut off it's checkmate into you see
you like their hangover mr. Wace
checkland one fucking work there too
fucking night the three nite chef made
motherfucking game over now let's just
recap on what happened in that game what
would happen at the end white black
black sacrificed his Queen for very sort
of the theoretical long-term advantage a
positional type thing there's no there's
no clear sacrificial way of taking
advantage of the gains that you got from
that sacrifice so here here here here
just wait just gets ass raped miserably
push into the corner and came over how
to put the game over and mother fucking
done all right I'll see you guys later
in the new video peace